README.md, before:

# Portfolio

**This portfolio is only meant to supplement my employment experience, not replace it.**

**Certificates in the [certificates](certificates) folder**

It is both a place to showcase my other skills aside from what I demonstrated in work, and for me to develop new skills via new projects.

Skills aimed to demonstrate/practice with each project are:

1. [7_wonders](7_wonders): Reinforcement learning using Gymnasium library. OOP. Only implemented Deep-Q Learning for now.
2. [catan](catan): Object-oriented programming, practical AI programming.
3. [simple_machine_learning_deployments](simple_machine_learning_deployments): Machine Learning Engineering, Airflow, Flask
4. [functional_programming](functional_programming): Functional Programming, Meta-Programming, OOP.
5. [earth_surface_temperature](earth_surface_temperature): Interactive dashboard using Plotly and Streamlit.
6. [chat_csv](chat_csv): Chatbot app that allows you to ask questions about your csv or postgresql data.
7. [cities_skylines_transport_ridership](cities_skylines_transport_ridership): Basic data visualization using Seaborn.
8. [duck_detection](duck_detection): Basic object detection and json data manipulation.
9. [24_plus_solver](24_plus_solver): This is mainly a toy project for a challenge, made use of generator functions.
10. [geospatial](geospatial): Geospatial Data Science, still only a practice ground. I have yet to find a dataset I like to work with and make something fruitful out of it.

7 Wonders, Catan, Simple ML Deployments, Functional Programming, and Chat CSV are multi-day projects spanning a few days or weeks, 
the rest are 1-day projects (5, 7, 8, 9) or practice range (10).

More project info can be found on the projects' own readme.

## Planned projects

Will be worked on in order of evaluated usefulness and urgency of need. (still unsure about the order)

**This portfolio is currently not being worked on regularly.**

- (More) Interactive Dashboards: I'll need to find suitable data
- NLP (fine-tuning): I've tried fine-tuning of BERT model with Kaggle data, but I'm not satisfied with the results. In any case it's a simple task so I might be working on self-supervised learning first.
- NLP (self-supervised learning): This will be a long one, because I'll have to write the whole pipeline from web-scraping and then study some model code to build my own from scratch.
- Data Engineering: I'll be taking a professional certificate program. Should take me ~14 days if full time.
- Generative AI: I'll be taking introductory course to generative AI to get started. Should take me ~7 days if full time.

Commit message:

Added Sentiment Analysis 6-day project.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio

**This portfolio is only meant to supplement my employment experience, not replace it.**

**Certificates in the [certificates](certificates) folder**

It is both a place to showcase my other skills aside from what I demonstrated in work, and for me to develop new skills via new projects.

Skills aimed to demonstrate/practice with each project are:

1. [sentiment_analysis](sentiment_analysis): NLP. Sentiment Analysis. Web-scraping.
2. [7_wonders](7_wonders): Reinforcement learning using Gymnasium library. OOP. Only implemented Deep-Q Learning for now.
3. [catan](catan): Object-oriented programming, practical AI programming.
4. [simple_machine_learning_deployments](simple_machine_learning_deployments): Machine Learning Engineering, Airflow, Flask
5. [functional_programming](functional_programming): Functional Programming, Meta-Programming, OOP.
6. [earth_surface_temperature](earth_surface_temperature): Interactive dashboard using Plotly and Streamlit.
7. [chat_csv](chat_csv): Chatbot app that allows you to ask questions about your csv or postgresql data.
8. [cities_skylines_transport_ridership](cities_skylines_transport_ridership): Basic data visualization using Seaborn.
9. [duck_detection](duck_detection): Basic object detection and json data manipulation.
10. [24_plus_solver](24_plus_solver): This is mainly a toy project for a challenge, made use of generator functions.
11. [geospatial](geospatial): Geospatial Data Science, still only a practice ground. I have yet to find a dataset I like to work with and make something fruitful out of it.

Sentiment Analysis, 7 Wonders, Catan, Simple ML Deployments, Functional Programming, and Chat CSV are multi-day projects spanning a few days or weeks, 
the rest are 1-day projects (6, 8, 9, 10) or practice range (11).

More project info can be found on the projects' own readme.

## Planned projects

Will be worked on in order of evaluated usefulness and urgency of need. (still unsure about the order)

**This portfolio is currently not being worked on regularly.**

- (More) Interactive Dashboards: I'll need to find suitable data
- Data Engineering: I'll be taking a professional certificate program. Should take me ~14 days if full time.
- Generative AI: I'll be taking introductory course to generative AI to get started. Should take me ~7 days if full time.
