7_wonders/README.md, before:

## 7 Wonders

7 Wonders is another (and 2nd) popular classic board game that I've decided to include in my repository. I started playing it in Mar 2023.

Currently the project is in (very early stage of) Phase 1. I'm building the basic game engine.

It is decided this project will use Gymnasium's library for proper reinforcement learning from the get-go.

The game elements consist of cards and boards, then the game play will involve around implementing card effects and card purchase. 

I'll see if I can use UI other than tkinter.

I've obtained card list for the 1st edition from 
[1st edition card list](https://github.com/joffrey-bion/seven-wonders/blob/main/sw-engine/src/main/resources/org/luxons/sevenwonders/engine/data/cards.json)

Then I edited the json to change it to 2nd edition based on information from 
[2nd edition changes information](https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2491704/changes-old-edition-or-some-them)

Wonder json and change information were obtained from the same source.

1st phase: basic engine build (more to come - wonders will be ignored in the 1st phase)

    - Created base elements class and Game class
    - Made Game class a Gymnasium Env class
    - Defined action and observation space.
    - Implemented Effect on Board
    - Implemented gameplay and DQNPlayer, can now simulate gameplay and results
    - next up is the training code to test if the basic DQNPlayer can learn the game

Structure of the current project (again, it's in very early stage):

    - elements.py: Stage, Card, Wonder, Board, and Player class as dataclasses
    - game.py: Game class as base game session class, will be subclassed into app and simulation as in Catan project
    - effects.py: Effect class and subclasses for implementing card/wonder effects
    - utils.py: squash_idle function to squash idle turns in memory, used for preparing training data
    - model.py: NN model inside the DQNPlayer

*no component so far is final

Commit message:

7 Wonders: end of phase 1. Training code for Deep-Q player implemented and successfully outperforms base random player.

7_wonders/README.md, after:

## 7 Wonders

7 Wonders is another (and 2nd) popular classic board game that I've decided to include in my repository. I started playing it in Mar 2023.

The project has reached the end of phase 1, with some planned features pushed to future updates.

This project used Gymnasium's library for proper reinforcement learning environment from the get-go, even if I haven't used most of its features yet.

The game elements consist of cards and boards, and the game play revolves around implementing card effects and card purchase. 

I'll see if I can use UI other than tkinter. That'll come in phase 2.

I've obtained card list for the 1st edition from 
[1st edition card list](https://github.com/joffrey-bion/seven-wonders/blob/main/sw-engine/src/main/resources/org/luxons/sevenwonders/engine/data/cards.json)

Then I edited the json to change it to 2nd edition based on information from 
[2nd edition changes information](https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2491704/changes-old-edition-or-some-them)

Wonder json and change information were obtained from the same source.

1st phase: basic engine build, Deep-Q learning of card selection

    - Created base elements classes and Game class as a Gymnasium Env class.
    - Defined action and observation space.
    - Implemented Effect on Board
    - Implemented gameplay and DQNPlayer, enabling simulation of gameplay and results
    - Implemented Deep-Q learning on card choosing phase of turns. 
    - The weights trained with random hyperparameters on some 5000 games already outperforms random player by 2-3 points on 300 games average.
    - The play head was implemented but was removed and will be pushed to phase 2.

2nd phase: interface and app for human players to join the play, potentially Policy Gradient or Actor-Critic.

    - not to be done in short-term plan yet

Structure of the current project:

    - elements.py: Stage, Card, Wonder, Board, and Player class as dataclasses. DQPlayer is also here for now.
    - game.py: Game class as base game session class, will be subclassed into app as in Catan project
    - effects.py: Effect class and subclasses for implementing card/wonder effects
    - src/utils.py: squash_idle function to squash idle turns in memory, used for preparing training data
    - src/model.py: NN model inside the DQPlayer
    - src/constants.py: for storing various game constants and dicts
    - dq_trainer.py: Class for implementing training loop of DQPlayer.
